Adapt docs to PennyLane theme (#64)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane-forest: doc/_build/html/_sources/devices/qpu.rst.txt

    for qubits to decay to the ground state naturally. Default is ``False``.
    Setting this to ``True`` results in a significantly faster expectation value
    evaluation when the number of shots is larger than ~1000.

Usage
~~~~~

A QPU device can be created via:

>>> import pennylane as qml
>>> dev_qpu = qml.device('forest.qpu', device='Aspen-8', shots=1000)

Note that additional Quil gates not provided directly in PennyLane are importable from :mod:`~.ops`.
An example that demonstrates the use of the native :class:`~.PSWAP` plugin gate is this:

.. code-block:: python

    from pennylane import numpy as np
    from pennylane_forest.ops import PSWAP

    @qml.qnode(dev_qpu)
    def func(x, y):
        qml.BasisState(np.array([1, 1]), wires=0)
        qml.RY(x, wires=0)
        qml.RX(y, wires=1)
        PSWAP(0.432, wires=[0, 1])
        qml.CNOT(wires=[0, 1])
        return expval(qml.PauliZ(1))

We can then integrate the quantum hardware and PennyLane's automatic differentiation to determine analytic gradients:

>>> func(0.4, 0.1)
0.92578125
>>> df = qml.grad(func, argnum=0)
>>> df(0.4, 0.1)
-0.4130859375

Supported operations
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> All devices support all PennyLane `operations and observables <https://pennylane.readthedocs.io/en/latest/code/ops/qubit.html>`_, with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All devices support all PennyLane `operations and observables <https://pennylane.readthedocs.io/en/stable/introduction/operations.html#qubit-operations>`_, with
```
